Removed validation for signatures & free form invites for Create Document Group method (#58)
signnow/SignNowNodeSDK: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v1.6.0] - Unreleased Phase 5

### Added

### Changed

> - Removed validation for Create Document Group for signatures and free from invites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed validation for existing signatures and free from invites of documents intended for Document Group creation
```
